guys just a little gameplay cortex
community
happy birthday staff rocks 11
right now watch maker technically and uh
this is a little so
standing by
it's nothing that kind of thing
so it's just a little gameplay right now
and all game Duvall folding and I'll
actually give you I'd give it an 8 out
of 10 escape reason wise because every
once in a while it's just probably but
just shows me everything happens 3
nowadays but all turtle legs you know
or something and you didn't even know
what happened though is that it
frustrating after a while
do it like me everyone for about a day
now it's really fun and I recommend this
game to anyone who likes
I mean you can sort of say it's I'm
strategy but I don't know it's not not
fully strategy I'm probably talking too
much right now
oh yeah there's grenades I mean even I
mean Holly things that ever happened
picture and the Resident Evil would do
means I'm pretty sure have like
chainsaws no back except I don't think
they would have
um first five people to
you have to race
that means have to subscribe
rate comment and pure one of those I'll
double-check make sure that you did that
and then I'll actually are
and also favorite this video and I will
give and you won't fight first by people
we ask that subscribe the free games
folk set up the virus because my subject
me
it's not illegal just I think this it
makes silly beetle my friend sent me be
seen while probably all be you know
I do a bunch of gunshots we shoot over
this guns you kids ever play dick
territory whatever that's all it is a
lot and I mean a lot like this except
more better really I mean sure you have
to download it but it's nothing big
actually